It's a new advertising algorithm update
that just got pushed out by good old
Facebook and Zuckerberg that's caused
some chaos, uncertainty, and
unpredictability across a lot of
different businesses advertising
accounts. Whether you're seeing
inconsistency and result volume,
inconsistency in the types of leads
you're getting, or this one's kind of
interesting, completely new objections
that you haven't historically got, this
video is going to help you make sense of
all of that, why it's happening, and
what to do about it. For all those
unfamiliar, my name is Jeremy Haynes. I
spend a couple million dollars a month
on advertising. Been an agency owner now
for over a decade. I help businesses hit
million-dollar months. It's all we do
around here and it's all we talk about.
Every video on my channel is dedicated
to that topic and it's a pleasure to
welcome you in if you are new here. For
all those that are already a subscriber,
of course, welcome back. It's a pleasure
to have you. Without further ado, let's
dive into today's topic. So, just
recently, we had a business that we
worked with that spends about 4 to 600K
a month on ad spend start to get some
really different objections that were
coming through from the sales team that
they were struggling to deal with. And
they mainly related to competitors of
that business. So, what was happening
was historically we've had none of this.
there's generally just been us as that
business outspending everybody else
that's considered a competitor and just
running circles around people. And in
the most recent month and a half, almost
two months now, the feedback from the
sales reps is that the average qualified
lead that shows up to a call to close is
bringing up anywhere from as low as two
and as high as five competitors of the
business. The salespeople are perplexed.
They're like, "We've never heard any of
this kind of stuff before. Nobody's ever
brought up alternatives. If they have,
at most, it's been like a single
competitor." And it's not even the same
competitor every time. It's just like an
occasional random alternative that the
person brings up. Now, every lead, and
this is the craziest part without
exaggeration, every lead is showing up
saying, "Oh yeah, I'm considering buying
from like," and they list off like two
to five different businesses. So, this
is one of the most interesting things
that you kind of first have to reflect
on. If it wasn't just that single
business, if it was only that single
business that was giving me that kind of
feedback, I I likely wouldn't have
thought much of it, you know. But what
was interesting was we noticed across a
lot like a majority of the other
businesses that we were working with.
For the ones that had really articulate
closers specifically like if you've been
getting tremendous feedback that's
articulate from your salespeople, you'll
be able to tap into this kind of, you
know, new wave of like reasons people
aren't closing and kind of new
challenges a lot faster than the
businesses who are just told by their
sales teams, which is highly
unacceptable by the way. All these leads
are just unqualified. Okay, big
difference when you get articulate
feedback versus non-articulate feedback.
So again, we're seeing this across a few
different businesses that people are
showing up on average aware and
considering several more businesses than
they ever had prior. And so when I had
reflected on some of my own just kind of
news feed experiences in the most recent
two months, I had a key moment of
inflection where I kind of said, "Wow,
you know, I think I realized what
happened." So I get dunked on by taxes.
I'm just a cash cow here in the United
States that my government milks every
month for the opportunity to make money
within this country. And I get milked
every month. I pay about six figures
monthly in taxes. Okay? And I do that so
I don't have to lump sum a [__] seven
figure check. I that just feels awful.
So anyway, I pay monthly and I get
[__] waxed. So I start obviously like
talk I have tax attorneys and tax
accountants and I also have tax
strategists that all work to together to
lower my overall tax burden. So, I get
targeted by tax stuff pretty frequently.
And one guy recently targeted me with a
great set of messaging. He was like,
"Look, you're rich now. You know, you
don't just need a CPA. You don't just
need a tax attorney. Like, that worked
while it worked. You know, you need tax
strategist." And so, again, I ended up
working with somebody like this. And as
soon, but here's here's my initial
experience with this, okay, just to be
super clear on my point. I get hit by an
ad for a tax strategist. I clicked to
the ad. Okay? Now, I'm on the landing
page. Some of the verbiage on the page
was something about W2 people made me
feel like it wasn't for me. So I leave
the next seven ads that I see. Okay, not
exaggerated. The next seven ads I see in
a row. So it's like yes, I see content
and then an ad and then content and then
an ad. Next seven ads, dude, were all
tax strategists. So if whether I did or
did not respond to that guy
instantaneously I'm targeted by
alternatives and competitors to that
specific business that had targeted me
first that reached me first with that
messaging. Okay. Now to be clear and
this is really important to understand
this has been the case for a while now
with that type of system being
implemented. That's what's made this
alien level technology behind these
advertising algorithms so effective. It
is hyper relevant to a person's
real-time interests and that's what
helps them get businesses and those
types of buyers connected together and
that's what make businesses comes back
and get it again and again and give huge
percentages of their total revenue to
these ad platforms. Now to be clear
about that which is really important to
understand is that it is immediate and
concentrated. Okay, this is the main
thing that changed more than anything
else. Okay, it's competitive density and
concentration. It's a big difference
compared to how it was historically. You
might have seen a handful like and I
again this is like a couple at most of
alternatives to whatever business you
might have just real timed expressed
interest in. And they've done that to be
mindful of this. Okay, this scenario
that now exists is what they were trying
to essentially prevent historically. But
somebody might have got fired. They
might have just started vibe coding the
advertising algorithm with what Zuck's
been talking about on recent podcasts.
Who knows why the changes? But what we
do know is that boundary that they
historically haven't crossed of creating
a little bit of chaos and introducing
every possible competitor that you have
that you might not even be aware of to
the potential lead or that customer
immediately. That's what's changed.
Let's use the example with some
algorithms here just kind of visualizing
it. If we have business type A, okay,
and then we have some content, content,
content. And then we have business type
B. So let's say A in my case is the tax
strategist, okay? And I don't click on
it. I don't express interest. I just
keep scrolling. Okay? So here I am
scrolling and I get targeted by more
content. And then bang, now we're
getting targeted by business type B. And
let's just say this is for like some
shoes or something. Okay? Then again,
I'm not responsive to that. I just get
targeted by more content. And then bang,
I get targeted by business type C. Now,
this continues on until essentially I
get remarketed by an interest that the
algorithm deems at a higher rate of
interest compared to all the other
things. So in this case, again, business
type A being tax strategist, business
type B being shoes, and let's say
business type C, I get targeted pretty
frequently by like four seasons and
hotels and resorts and things like this.
So let's say that that's business type
C. I don't travel that frequently. It's
a much lower priority to me, but again,
I see those ads relatively often just
respective of what I get targeted by.
Business type B with shoes. I do buy
shoes quite frequently. And as a matter
of fact, I was recently just in the
market for a completely new brand I had
never shopped with before recommendation
by my doctors and chiropractors. I'm at
the age where I'm taking shoe
recommendations from [__] doctors.
You know what I mean? Anyway, I digress.
Business type A though with tax
strategist, that is extremely pressing
comp. I mean, that's a six figure a
month prop. That's insane. Okay, I don't
want to tolerate that. I want to lower
that burden. I assure you, out of shoes
and resorts, lowering that tax bill is
of far greater priority to me and I
agree with the algorithm. So, what's the
algorithm choose to do for that fourth
ad? Well, it resets everything and it
targets me again with another person
that's selling some kind of tax strategy
related service. I see it. That one hits
me harder than the first one and I click
on it. Okay, so I officially click the
ad. Now, here's what happens next. Okay,
again, I leave the landing page. I
remain unconverted. It had some verbiage
about W2 stuff on it. And so, we're back
to scrolling. Okay, now the next ad was
also business type A, another tax
strategist. And I'm like, wow. You know,
I I get targeted again. And then bang,
another business type A. And so, at this
point, the algorithm has identified.
It's like, oh, well, this guy clicked to
that page. He didn't convert. must have
been a reason. Let's serve him up a
bunch of other people that are similar
to that that might solve the specific
problems that the other one failed to
articulate that could solve. There was a
reason that guy expressed interest and
failed to convert and we didn't see that
standard event fire back. So, let's just
hit them aggressively with a bunch of
other stuff that's similar to that that
likely will get the person to convert.
And so, they grabbed without
exaggeration every [__] business that
they had that sold tax strategy and they
just kept [__] targeting me with it.
So much so that I became like hyper
aware of it to the point where I was
like I started counting. I was like what
the [__] is going on? Like why all of a
sudden are there only ads for tax
strategy? And that was that was without
ex literally it nothing else. No shoes,
no resorts, no hotels, no prop, nothing.
Literally just [__] tax strategy
business type A. Okay. So I kill the
app. I get off the platform and I
switch. This is actually on Facebook.
This happened to me to be clear. So, I
switch over to Instagram and as an
advertiser who's hyper self-aware about
this kind of stuff, I try to test it out
with something else. So, on Instagram,
okay, now we're on a totally different
experience. I get served with content,
content, content. And then the first
business that gets served to me is
actually a shoe business. Now,
coincidentally, this it's actually
really coincidental. I had bought a pair
of shoes like I described. It's some
some company called on uh might be more
than that, but it's like OM is the shoe
brand, one with the holes in the soul.
Okay? And again, I purchased two pairs
of shoes from this business. So, the
first ad I see is that specific business
remarketing me to go back and buy other
shoes. Okay? And I'm totally new to this
brand. I was told to buy a very specific
pair. That's what I had bought. I didn't
really explore all the other [__] that
they had cuz to be honest, they weren't
really like cool person shoes, you know?
They seemed like like dad shoes, you
know? Like I said, my doctor told me to
buy this kind of shoe. It didn't feel
good and like a brand I wanted to
explore. You know, you know what I'm
saying? So anyway, I see this ad though
and I'm like, "Oh shit." Like, you know,
this is this business I spent some money
with. Like, let me go check them out.
So, I again, I click. Okay, I click the
ad and I just wanted to see. I'm like,
dude, is the same thing going to happen?
And no joke, the same exact thing
happens. So, I get targeted by the shoes
again. And this is a different business
at this point. I don't remember the name
of this one, but I get targeted by
somebody that's essentially selling like
custom Nikes. like they'll u take like a
dunk like a Nike dunk and they'll
customize it and then uh you know I
guess you just buy it and I'm not sure
if that's legal or not because it sure
didn't look endorsed by Nike but anyway
then I start getting targeted by some
collaboration that that on cloud brand
thing did a shoe brand that I bought
from. They had a collaboration they did
with some company I'd also never heard
of. Apparently another shoe brand called
Lowe's. Okay, I think that's how you say
it. And I I start getting tired about
the Lowe's brand and then again all
shoes. That's it. just all shoes right
after I click the ad. Okay, so I kill
it, right? I go back over to Facebook
and again I'm trying to seek, am I only
going to get targeted by tax strategist?
Am I only going to get targeted by
shoes? Okay, here's what's interesting
that I want to make abundantly clear.
Okay, the objections that historically
have happened that have related to
market sophistication, they change and
they vary relative to how aware somebody
is of competitors options, right? Like
if you're in a if you're in a small town
and there's a really good steakhouse and
another really good steakhouse opens up,
there's a really high probability you're
going to be aware of it because it's a
small town. And then from there, that
original steakhouse you've been going to
for years, they've now got a competitor.
And you might in your business start
hearing about that other steakhouse and
you might have to start making adaptions
and changes and menu items, you know,
pricing changes, marketing changes, all
relative to the fact you got a new
competitor. Now, if you do that same
thing in a city like where I live in
Miami where you go to a great
restaurant, like same thing like a
steakhouse, dude, there could be another
like [__] 20 steakous that opened up
in the most recent year, 10 years. I'd
have no [__] clue for the most part
unless somebody brings it up to me or
unless like an ad strategically hits me,
okay? Which didn't happen that often.
That's what I want to make clear. I to
increase my awareness as a consumer of
new steakous in my city have to
literally look it up. I had to go out of
my way to look it up. what advertising
did with all these new algorithms, not
the most recent one, but the the ones
that were prior to this, if I expressed
interest in a steakhouse that had a
pixel on it, there's a high probability
I'm going to get targeted by other
restaurants. And they might not all be
steakous, though. They might just be
other restaurants in general. It would
have been like, "Hey, this person's got
interest in restaurants. Let's show them
a bunch of other stuff." And it might
have shown some other steakous, but not
every single [__] ad right afterwards
a steakhouse. That's really what's
changed. So, think of it like this
again. I have to go out and
intentionally increase my awareness as a
consumer. Historically, advertising on
these social platforms introduced I
might express interest in something and
then get targeted by a handful of
similar businesses. Now, like literally
now, this most recent crazy advertising
algorithm change is if I express
interest in a steakhouse or remotely
close am identified as being interested
in steakouses and I I click on that
[__] page or I watch that video too
long, every single ad that follows for
the next 5 to 12 ads are just going to
be another steakhouse in your city,
another steakhouse in your city, another
steak. It's just all that. That's all it
is. And there's no deviation from it
until you kill the app. That was what
blew me away and that's what made me
think differently when I started hearing
these sales teams articulate things
about a much higher quantity of
qualified consumers bringing up
competitors and far more competitors
than what they ever had prior. And so we
had to deploy a solution immediately.
The solution involved tweaking some of
our core fundamental strategies that we
have. Okay, here's what we had to tweak.
So, first of all, we have my hammer them
content remarketing campaign. This
involves anywhere from about 30 to 50
short form pieces of content and
anywhere from about 15 to 30 long form
pieces of content. And what we do is is
after somebody takes a key action, we
just blitz them with content. Okay? And
in a buying process, if somebody goes
and they click an ad and they book a
call, the call doesn't happen
immediately and that that transaction
doesn't occur typically for whatever the
average sales cycle is, which can be
days at the minimum in most instances,
sometimes a week plus. In that window,
that's when we're blitzing people with
this content. That's when we're
hammering people. Okay? And that's where
we're taking that opportunity to put
strategic information in front of them.
Questions, second layer questions,
meaning questions that come up after the
first ones get answered. objections and
expectation related content. It's a lot
of what that type of content is in that
strategy. We had to start adding in a
lot of content that talks about the
unique mechanism of that business. So,
if we go back to steakouses, as simple
as that is, sometimes the unique
mechanism might be like a specific way
that they serve or bake the steaks.
Okay? if they grill the steaks over a
certain type of wood or a charcoal grill
or you know they um uh what's what's
this one in New York I'm thinking of
very famous brand they broil the living
[__] out of their steaks and then they
serve it raw in the middle but like
super seared on the outside and like
it's like this far away from the broiler
at the top of this extreme heat it's
like 1,800 and they only salt it you
know or I saw a steak recently somewhere
in Europe I think it was in the UK K. It
was a old dairy cow which had like the
craziest fat marbling ever and like the
fat was like more yellow comparatively
to white which you see on steaks a lot.
Again, it's like in this example, those
are their unique mechanisms. It's like,
oh, our our steak that we serve is this
old dairy cow, you know, oh, the way
that we cook our steak is this crazy
broiler, you know, and we only season it
with salt. Everybody's got their own
unique mechanism. We had to add a lot
more content to our hammer them campaign
with unique mechanism information. This
ended up being a huge point that added a
lot more certainty that the closers
could lean into when they were on these
calls. So instead of just getting an
objection about how there's a lot of
competitors, the closers would be able
to bring up like, "Oh, are you aware
about how we produce the result for you
and what makes us different?" And a lot
of the times when you run the hammer
them campaigns effectively and you have
enough unique mechanism content in there
that changes the game because it aids
your closers in having something that's
already in the mind of the user that the
other businesses likely do not have. And
that's a huge advantage when you take an
action like the hammer them campaign.
you're adding a lot more pre-framing
material because keep in mind if the
algorithm is going to serve content
again and again and again and again that
all relates to that specific topic,
right? If it starts by having the
variance of businesses, but as soon as
there's any level of interest in a
specific type of business, it's going to
heavily lean into that specific type of
content. It's like you'd want to be
there with as much of that type of
content as you can. You you understand?
It's like, so again, the hammer them
campaign is a paid content distribution
strategy, okay? Where we're
strategically picking and choosing the
content that we want to distribute and
making sure that it's there with some
paid dollars and outside of our hammer
them campaign, cuz keep in mind that's
for after somebody takes the key action.
Well, what about before, right? Because
in that example that I provided to you,
both with the shoe example and with the
tax strategist example, those both
included me clicking but not converting.
Okay, that's very important to
understand. With the shoe example, I
clicked an ad to explore the page again,
but I left. I'd already bought a shoe
previously, not from an ad, but again,
when I got served with the ad in both
scenarios, I clicked and left. I
remained unconverted. Okay. So, I have
this strategy. I call it the reverse fly
trap. And this is an OG strategy of
mine. It's an iteration of my Venus fly
trap strategy. So, whether it's the
Venus fly trap 1.0 or the Venus fly trap
2.0, O what I do in that strategy is
very simple. I typically take content
and I put it in a sequence where
somebody has to watch a certain
threshold of the content in order to
unlock that next set of content. And
then again for the third step and then
the fourth step is the direct response
ads where we're going to make our call
to actions and attempt to get the person
to actually buy. Okay, that's my Venus
fly trap strategy. What I do in the
reverse fly trap is I start with the
direct response and then I do two
things. I remarket people with more
direct response, but in addition to
that, I'm serving them what we call a
content cycle bin. Okay? And a content
cycle bin is a little different than how
the hammer them campaign works. They're
structurally set up the same within the
campaigns. However, the difference is
the hammer them strategy has a frequency
goal and it's a very aggressive
frequency goal, a very high frequency
goal and it's loaded up with typically a
lot more content. A content cycle bin is
a key term that I use throughout my
content marketing strategies that I
have. Really, no matter which one it is,
generally they involve some type of
content cycle bin. It is less about the
frequency that we achieve and it's more
about having content available to be
consumed by the right people at
different stages of our sales process.
So as an example, if somebody clicked on
an ad and failed to convert like I did
with the shoes or the tax strategist,
that business, if they set up their
campaigns in a traditional way, the only
real retargeting they would have is that
campaign serving me ads from them again.
And if they don't have a wide range of
ads, these algorithms do not typically
bias towards serving you the exact same
ad again and again and again and again.
That creates a bad user experience. So
they stay away from that. Instead, what
they do is they serve you many different
ads from the same businesses and from
different businesses. So, if you as an
example are leveraging dynamic creative
and have a lot of assets in there or
even if you're using individual ads and
you have a lot of individual ads that
you're running, not not an exuberant
amount to be clear, just even a handful,
it's like you right away have a higher
probability to have retargeting handled
for you. If you have a single ad, you're
pretty [__] Okay, just to be
extremely clear based on this algorithm.
So, a lot of the people, as an example,
just to kind of take a side note here,
that come to us that are experiencing
inconsistencies with this new algorithm
deployed that are having all kinds of
new objections come up related to
competitors. They're just hearing about
all these businesses they've never had
to sell against before. And they're also
at the same time dealing with a lot of
inconsistency and like qualified lead
flow. Dude, there's a really high
probability that those other businesses
are taking the qualified lead from you.
If your business is not set up with
content and with a wide range of ads for
your direct response ads, you're at a
huge disadvantage with this new
algorithm because like I said, as soon
as somebody expresses interest in your
stuff, which happens all the time, go
look at the quantity of people that have
clicked to your pages that have not
converted, right? That's the quantity of
that's the that's the largest [__]
chunk of people you have in most
instances. and they're getting swarmed
immediately. As soon as they go back
onto the platform, man, they're getting
swarmed immediately by every competitor
you've got. So, creative, simply put,
what we found is creative matters so
much and having range with your creative
and this new algorithm, having a range
of both direct response creative and
content. Okay? Because that's what I
mentioned we do here with this reverse
fly trap strategy. We will have the
direct response lead the way, but
instead of just having direct response
and having a slim amount of it at that,
we'll have a standard remarketing
campaign set up, which we haven't had to
do in the most recent years. A lot of
retargeting is done by that main
campaign, even if it's all towards cold
people. That's why frequency gets driven
up in cold campaigns because it's going
back and it's showing ads to the same
people again because it handles the
retargeting for you. But we'll
intentionally set up a retargeting
campaign as well. That way we just play
more into how this algorithm is working.
In addition to that, we'll have a
campaign set up with a content cycle bin
in it. Something optimized for
engagement, video views, things like
this that just has a wide range of
content showing the unique mechanisms.
Okay. The other main piece of content
that we've had to work into the hammer
them and all of our content cycle bins
has been process content. Okay. So
process content is a little different
than unique mechanism content. So unique
mechanism demonstrates, let's go back to
the steakouses, right? Like that that
steak that gets put into the oven and
has the broiler right there just searing
the [__] out of that steak. And the only
thing they do is salt it, right? That's
their unique mechanism, but the process
goes back several steps before that. So
the process in this case, they could
start off at the farm if they wanted to.
They could sit there and talk about,
hey, we buy our cows from this place,
like this is how we butcher up. This is
how we do XYZ. They could start
literally way back there if they wanted
to to articulate their process. And
that's the cool thing about process
content. Some of their content could go
that far back farm to table and flex on
me that you do it better than everybody
else who doesn't. But processed content
can also start like, okay, so we start
by dry-aging the steak as soon as we get
it. Doesn't have to go all the way back
to the farm. It could just be all right,
steak shows up, shows up fresh,
butchered that day. We're immediately
dry-agging it. Here's where we're going
to dry it. Like start flexing the
dryaging chamber on me, you know? start
flexing how long it's dry-aged and then
talk about how thick the cuts are. Then
get to the point where you also
demonstrate the unique mechanism in that
content of putting the steak in the
broiler, salting the living [__] out of
it and cooking it without the customer's
request being accepted or not. They just
cook it pretty much raw. It's like as
close to medium rare raw that you can
picture in your head right now. That's
their unique mechanism. But their
process is all of that. You see? So
process content and unique mechanism
content. There's a great book,
Breakthrough Advertising by Eugene
Schwarz. Probably one of the more costly
books you'll ever buy in your lifetime,
but well worth it if you end up
purchasing it. Or if you already have,
you already know what I'm talking about.
And there's again, there's this concept.
It's called market sophistication and
market awareness. Okay? Generally, the
more that people get pitched by similar
businesses, the more sophisticated and
the more aware they are. But awareness
can be isolated to its own lesson. Okay?
And it's very important to understand
the distinction between the two.
Sophistication just means simply put,
I've just been pitched a lot of times.
I'm now aware of how other people what
their processes are, what their unique
mechanisms are, what their pricing is. I
get to make choices at a higher level as
a result of having that level of
sophistication as a consumer. Okay? And
as a business, it takes a different type
of marketing to sell to that type of
consumer. Market awareness is as the
consumer, okay, becomes that much more
sophisticated. They also are just hyper
aware they've got leverage cuz they've
got choices. And again, things change
with how you've got to entice this type
of person based on what they know going
through the buying process. These two
things, simply put, what I'm seeing is
is like a rapid ascension of
sophistication and awareness due to this
algorithm update. Okay. And because of
that, what Eugene Schwarz talks about in
his book, Breakthrough Advertising, is
that unique mechanism content and
process content that can overcome these
dilemmas that you face if you have
inconsistency. If your qualified buyer
leads are getting poached by competitors
who immediately target your stuff,
better messaging, more articulate
messaging, better content, better
creative, and we didn't just have to
update the hammer them strategies. We
didn't just have to deploy more content
cycle bins and strategies like a reverse
fly trap. We also had to take our
breakout videos, which is a confirmation
page best practice. If you are inside of
my inner circle program, which there's a
link for down in the description of this
video, and the master internet marketing
students, they're soon to get this
document as well. My confirmation page
best practices include this concept
called breakout videos, which
essentially means we're going to be
anywhere between like five and 20 of
these individual videos that are
generally about a minute to 3 minutes
long that each individually answer a
question that's on the mind of a lead
that's otherwise going to fail to
convert. If these questions go unressed,
it's going to make the sales team's job
harder. They're going to have to educate
more if you don't have these types of
videos, if you aren't doing things like
the hammer them strategy, and if you are
not doing value dense email sequences.
Okay, these things in addition to a
handful that I'll leave off of YouTube
that I leave exclusively for people in
my inner circle program, exclusively for
people in my master internet marketing
program that have access to all of my
SOPs with information like this. They
also have access to my training library
and AI Jeremy to communicate with about
ensuring that all these things get
executed at the highest levels. These
people are protected, okay? Because
they're ahead of this, not behind this
in a reactive position. If you find
yourself just getting [__] on right
now, I promise you this, your business
is officially alongside about let's call
it a dozen other businesses as soon as
somebody expresses interest in your ads
or in one of your competitor's ads.
That's kind of the upside too, right? is
that when you are a business that's
similar to all your competitors
businesses, if they are spending a ton
of money, you might have recently seen a
lift in your overall performance and
quantity of people buying from you
because of somebody who's driving the
market by spending more money than you.
You're not the leading advertiser in
that example that might have interest
that doesn't get converted. You in that
case are kind of getting the sloppy
seconds. You see the person who
expressed interest is becoming aware of
your business after. So think about it
like this. If you have somebody that's
spending like outspending you
aggressively, okay? And you want to
become more competitive. Think about if
you implemented these things like think
about if you had content cycle bins,
think about if you had range with your
direct response ads, a wide range of
hooks, a wide range of creatives, you
know, a wide set of conversion
mechanisms that people could come into,
right? that would that would do a lot
for you if you were in that position.
And vice versa, think if you're the
leader in the market and you're the one
spending the most. Think about how much
more you have to protect and hedge
against one of these little guys. You
know, it's like you're the big shark and
you just got these tiny little sharks on
your [__] underbelly that are eating
off you, dude. Like they're living off
you. You know, you are the ecosystem.
You have to adapt. You have to change.
You have to evolve your strategies that
you're deploying relative to the fact
that they're going to become that
consumer is going to become immediately
aware, literally immediately aware of
everybody else they could possibly do
business with that's similar to you. And
that's kind of what's happened. That's
what I was saying happened with that
business that was spending 4600K a
month. They're outspending every little
[__] small fry that's trying to
compete with them. But like I said in
the most recent two months, that's not
preventing every qualified lead that
comes onto the call being hyper aware,
very sophisticated of every competitor
that exists and is actively considering
those people, right? And I just want to
be clear, all this really comes as a
result of, in this case, Facebook and
Instagram and Google Adwords is doing
this too. They've been pushing broad
targeting and they've been pushing these
like open-ended uh like all your
targeting now if you do cold targeting
for the most part is considered a
suggestion. And some ad accounts
literally label it as that. Like your
targeting options are just suggestions.
The good news is all the warm audience
targeting like when you target social
interaction or video viewers or website
visitors or email list, customer lists,
etc. Those are still respected and those
are typically not treated as broad
targeting, which is great. That still
enables us to do well and have like very
specific strategies like this in play.
But let me be clear like all cold
targeting is essentially broad targeting
at this point. They believe, these
platforms believe that advertisers are
what limit this from historically
happening a lot more anyway, right? With
all this broad targeting in place, it's
more up to the algorithm than ever
before about who's going to get served
what, and it has so much less to do with
targeting. And that really just goes to
demonstrate that these platforms have so
much more confidence in their ability to
match interests, real-time interests to
solutions that businesses offering can
provide to them. That's why they've
stripped away the ability for you to
[__] this up through controlling your
targeting more. Okay. So, this system's
not going away. I don't think this is
going to change. I don't know if this is
like an ethics thing that historically
has prevented him from doing this or if
it's been targeting that's historically
prevented him from like having this
level of interest relevance. But I will
say this, it is pretty interesting how
different the experience of advertising
is relative to what you have to talk
about on the back end just due to the
fact that almost everybody is coming
through extremely aware and extremely
sophisticated now. It's it's very
different than what it was. Again,
historically, like almost every market
at a given time could have a different
stage of sophistication and a different
stage of awareness. Right now, like you
can treat all advertising and all
marketing opportunities like they are
these later stages of market
sophistication and awareness. You can
just kind of skip over the I can just
make the claim. I can outspend everybody
and make the claim. I can start talking
about unique mechanisms. I have to now
start talking about my process and
unique mechanisms. you just go straight
to having to talk about the unique
mechanism and the process and the
claims, you know, it's it's just not as
simple as it once was, you know? So, I
want to be really clear when I say this,
like you have to know this kind of stuff
and you have to have a team in place
that is aware and educated and like
making changes relative to this because
this this is as real time as it gets
this information that I'm giving to you
right now. And again, my my inner circle
members, like my master internet
marketing students, my clients obviously
like they're all well equipped to deal
with this. they're not experiencing a
lot of the negatives and the downsides.
But I'll tell you what, like the new
people who come to us who are vulnerable
about what's going on or just the people
that we see out there in the market that
ask us questions, dude, they are getting
[__] swarmed by this thing and like
they have no idea what to do. So anyway,
this is me trying to help you, give you
some insight, you know, lend you a hand
and help pick you up. I've tried to put
enough information in this video to
still give you what you need in order to
go out there and get richer and solve
this set of problems. But I do want to
be clear, per usual, I withhold a
tremendous amount on YouTube as a result
of it being free. And I would actively
encourage you if this is a serious and
costly problem for you and you know that
there's a lot of financial upside on the
other side of solving this specific
issue, check out some of the links down
in the description and get the paid help
that you need because that's going to be
where we don't hold anything back and
that's going to be where we really try
to get you to the next level. And and we
understand the name of the game. You
know, our goal is to make you far more
than what you're going to pay us. We
don't make any income claims on this
channel. We're by no means telling you
that you're going to hit a million
dollars a month. All we do is just hand
down all the top lessons of the people
that have been there, done that, and
what they're doing. And this video is no
different. It's just us trying to help
you get richer. And hopefully we've done
that here today. But whether we did or
didn't, go check out some of my other
videos on the channel. They're all
bangers. And subscribe if you are not
already. And I'll see you in another
one. Toxin.